Add semgrep-ci example for pre-commit (#1048)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/extensions.md

  rev: 'SEMGREP_VERSION_LATEST'
  hooks:
    - id: semgrep
      # See https://semgrep.dev/explore to select a ruleset and copy its URL
      args: ['--config', '<SEMGREP_RULESET_URL>', '--error', '--skip-unknown-extensions']
```

> The pre-commit can also run Semgrep rules in CI, using the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pre-commit can also run custom rules and rulesets from Semgrep Cloud, similar to running `semgrep ci` using the following configuration:
```
